This is a fable by
a man named Aesop.
The hares decided that
they’ve had enough.
Hunted by the lions,
startled by wolves,
and chased by eagles,
they all wanted to eat them.
So rather than living this terrible life,
they decided to jump!
Into the pond and die!
But when they were falling
into the pond,
the frogs were startled
and jumped out of the water.
The moral of this story is,
there is always someone
worse off than yourself.
So, don’t be too sad or disappointed
because you’re in a difficult situation.
If Aesop was in my shoes,
could he have written that?
Definitely not.
HOW TO STEAL A DOG
What?!
Getting a divorce?
I knew it,
it doesn’t even surprise me.
She won’t accept alimony? Is she nuts?!
The way I see it, she’s the cheater.
There’s evidence,
I heard some things.
That corner store owner...
Holy cow!
Why are they always hiding!
Afternoon, ma’am.
License please.
I only spoke a few words.
I only said 2 words,
give me a ticket for that.
You can’t just pick and choose.
- Come on, mister.
- Mom.
It’s embarrassing.
My kid’s embarrassed, bill me for 2 words.
So anal... It’s the law, give it to me already.
- I’ll get off here.
- Where do you always go?
Your house’s far.
That way.
Ma’am, I’ll get off here.
Okay, take care.
- Whatever, Mr. Johnny Law.
- Don’t call me that, I’m an officer.
- Okay, Mr. Officer, listen.
- Mom, I’ll be back!
Hey! You got private class!
Do you know
how much that is?
$250,000.
Been a while.
I’m not just managing a restaurant.
Only the loaded VIPs dine here.
- If we dated like I wanted, you could’ve been...
- Hey, drop it.
When can I start?
I’m in a bit of a rush.
Could you decide soon?
Well, I have the hiring power,
but this is my aunt’s business.
So there’s a protocol.
Let’s see.
Where’s your address?
Come on, you know me.
- She’s here.
- Hurry up!
Good afternoon, madam.
She’s interviewing
for the extra hand...
She looks pleasant.
Wolly, let’s go upstairs.
PIZZA HUK
Don’t go there without my permission.
You’re not a beggar!
Who cares if my belly’s full.
You’re wrong!
Did you ever consider how others would see us?
It’s nice to get free stuff with your puppy eyes.
But life isn’t so easy.
Once you’re ignored,
it’s all over!
Hey!
Hi.
I’ve been following you
since the car.
We... we’re...
moving to a bigger house.
- Really?
- Yeah. Dad’s pizza shop’s doing so well.
I see.
So, we’re staying here
for just one week.
One week?
The house... isn’t ready...
Mom left us these for dinner.
There’s hot water
at the corner store.
You’ll be embarrassed
to be with me.
- My mom’s far more embarrassing.
- We may become homeless.
Maybe we already are.
Your mom won’t let you
play with me.
I won’t hate you for it,
we don’t have to be friends.
Let’s stay friends.
You won’t tell anyone?
Not even your mom?
Promise.
I told you I’d get a job
right away.
- I still got tricks up my sleeve.
- So, when do we buy a house?
You said it’d a week,
but it’s been a month.
Go back to daycare,
I’ll pay the overdue fees.
Say you were on a trip.
I’m okay.
Go and play there.
That’d be more helpful.
I can at least do that.
Can’t we just go to auntie’s?
- Not that again.
- Because of your pride?
No, it’s not about that!
Do you even know
what that means?
- I do, thanks to you.
- Seriously!
What’s wrong? Not good?
Have another.
Dad’s pizza is
much better.
We decided not to
talk about dad.
Can’t you bake it,
like dad did?
You know mom can’t cook.
She never cooked for us.
Not because I can’t!
You can’t believe
everything moms say.
Not everything they say is true,
and not everything they do
make sense.
If mom was so smart,
she wouldn’t have married dad.
Before we buy a house,
she’ll drive me insane.
It’s not buying,
you get a ‘house deposit’.
What’s that?
It’s what adults call it instead.
Is that expensive?
Probably more than $100?
Idiots.
There aren’t any
$100 deposits nowadays.
You girls don’t know anything.
How much is your house?
Saw it during
my birthday party, right?
It’s so much more than $100.
So how much is it?!
About...
$500?
$500?!
Ji-so!
Did you ask your mom
about your party?
What? My party?
Yeah, your birthday’s next month.
That’s right.
Didn’t you want to have
a big party like Min-sup?
Yes.
You don’t have to.
Why? Who doesn’t like parties?
I don’t like parties at my place.
It’s like showing off.
Who doesn’t have
a house nowadays?
I want to do it,
a big party at home.
Yeah? Then have your mom
call me.
Okay.
Bye.
But you don’t have a house.
So I have to get one
before then.
Chungdam, Won-dang,
New Villa, Per Square, Il-san...
“HANSAM REAL ESTATE”
I don’t understand this!
This one,
how about this one?
So beautiful!
It’s perfect!
“$500 PER SQUARE!”
It costs $500 too.
Perfect!
But where’s ‘PER SQUARE’?
Well, maybe beside Time Square?
If so...
it’s a bit far from school.
But you still have the van,
so it should be okay.
Go away, children.
Is this house really $500?
- Where’s your mom?
- Can I really buy this for $500?
- If you want to know, bring your mom.
- Can’t you lower the price?
$500 per square meter is very cheap.
It’s the best bargain in town.
- That must be really great town.
- Sure.
$500 PER SQUARE!
Wait, this isn’t what I ordered.
You ordered beef tenderloin.
What are you talking about,
I ordered hamburger steak!
- But you...
- Pardon me.
That’s enough.
Okay, give me more enough.
I gave you enough.
- Yes, one more enough.
- You already had enough.
- We’ll get your order right.
- Will it take a long time?
- No, we’ll cook it as soon as possible.
- How many kids does she have?!
Sweetie, did you see me work?
Look.
Isn’t my uniform pretty?
Do these look too chic?
Of course they are.
But you sold everything else.
I’ll buy them again
with the salary.
I’ll keep Ji-suk with me.
Why don’t you
get the laundry done?
Buy yourself some snack.
I’m off.
Mom!
Do you...
have $500?
What are you talking about?
Go on, don’t wander off.
$500 PER SQUARE METER
BUS #500
500 YEARS OF
JOSEON DYNASTY
VITAMIN 500
HOUSING DEPOSIT
FROM $500
Come by after.
Depends.
Huh?
Mister, I only got 8 coupons.
Can I add $2 and get a family size?
You know
perfectly well you can’t.
Then I’ll give you 2 extra later,
can’t I get it upfront?
Who gives
a free pizza upfront?
Little bugger,
life isn’t free.
I threw some away
because I didn’t know.
-You can’t smoke while kneading.
- You still won’t get anything.
Hello?
Yes, Gold Villa.
Yes, family size.
Thank you.
Family size is F,
and regular is R.
Do you even speak English?
REWARD: $500
Do you need this?
I’m so tired...
How can a dog cost $500?
It says he guarded the President.
- It’s exactly $500.
- It’s a God-given chance.
- We have to find this dog.
- But how do we find him?
We have to try everything.
Okay, for $500.
We’ll try everything.
We can start with
the dog’s neighborhood.
It’s not like dogs can fly,
how far can they go?
We should call and see
if he’ll really pay $500.
I’m calling about Jinsam,
the President’s guard dog.
Will you really pay
$500 to find him?
You won’t subtract taxes, right?
What?!
You found him?!
He was in your front yard?!
Just how big is your front yard?
You should’ve looked for him there first!
Why?
I am in primary school.
Can’t primary students
nitpick too?
REWARD $500
Do you know
how disappointed we are?!
So steep...
“TOWED VEHICLE LOT”
There’s towing and parking fees,
and the fine is due within 15 days.
- Towing and parking?
- Yes.
- I’m a bit short on cash, can’t I get a discount?
- No credit card?
Can I use your phone
for a moment?
No cellphone either?
We’re homeless,
how can we afford a cellphone!
Stop that, it’s irritating!
We were just here.
How long
are we going to circle?
Is it my fault that
we got nowhere to go?
So let’s just go to auntie’s.
I’m really tired,
so don’t annoy me.
If we go there,
you have to transfer too!
So transfer, it’s no big deal.
Better than living like homeless.
Where did you
get that stubbornness?!
Feels nice to say anything you want?!
Even if we live in a car,
you must attend a good school!
You just do
what I tell you!
Who’s the stubborn one?
Tell me, who?!
I think you’re both stubborn.
- Do you know what’s coming up next month?
- Sports Day,thought I’d forget?
Seriously.
Where you going?!
Hey!
Get back in here!
Hey.
So you’ll have your party
at your house?
Yes...
Do you live better than us?
Bigger house?
Min-sup, don’t even compare.
Compare to hers,
yours is a dog house.
- Really?
- Min-sup.
$500 PER SQUARE METER
REWARD $500
Let’s steal a dog.
- Steal what?
- Steal a $500 dog.
We’ll steal it and return it.
We will just take the reward money.
What?
You steal a dog?
You shut up!
- Don’t be late!
- Okay!
Do you have a plan?
We must find a dog first.
Aren’t we doing a bad thing?
So we should only do it once.
You can’t live
without doing bad things.
THE PERFECT PLAN
TO STEAL A DOG
1. Don’t steal from
a super rich family.
Why?
They can just buy a new one.
Only somewhat rich family
will be sad to lose a dog.
2. No children’s dog.
3. Steal from people
we wouldn’t feel sorry.
4. Decent size to run with.
He mustn’t bark too much,
and not bite either.
5. President’s dogs or
guard dogs are too loud.
What?
Do we have to keep
him around?
He’s the 3rd generation
only son.
Have to keep him around.
He’s too stupid to be any help.
People with “suk” in the name
are super stupid.
Come on, that’s not true.
That’s what my mom said.
Sometimes, she’s right.
Does you dad’s name
end with “suk”?
Yeah.
3rd generation only son?
Look how fat he is.
Soaked in happiness.
Can we carry him?
Maybe for a moment.
Where’ll you keep him
after stealing him?
They’ll fit in our bag.
The owner wouldn’t care
if one of them disappeared.
If we steal it,
we gotta feed it.
Got money for dog food?
- What are you kids doing there?
- Your puppies are really cute. Sorry!
There are cameras
everywhere now.
What about those?
Take this,
and go to mom’s restaurant.
What’s with you?!
- It’s not like you need skill to carry dishes.
- I haven’t been sleeping well lately.
I’ll clean it up.
You got a knack
for doing a bad job.
Really?
You can’t keep bringing
your kids here!
Ji-suk!
Maybe it’s my punch out time.
“Punch out”?
You still got 3 hours left!
Then I’ll give him some food
and send him away.
Let’s eat ice cream!
Choco or strawberry?
Did you eat?
Let’s get some waffles too.
Aunt...
- Good afternoon, madam.
- I heard PARK found YOON’s final piece.
Yes, it’ll be auctioned off this month.
- Very good. Get it and put it in my room.
- Yes, ma’am.
Oh yeah, Mr. PARK mentioned your will...
What does he mean...
Something’s odd,
why does it feel so weird?
Should we change
the interior design?
Forget it.
Let’s drink water.
Wait.
Tell PARK not to worry
because it’s the last time.
How can an asset manager tremble
over a painting’s price tag?
But it’s in the hundreds
and thousands...
There’s just one more,
then it’s over.
How about what PARK
proposed last time?
Rebuilding this place.
A skyscraper here would
multiply the profit...
- Su-young.
- Yes?
Do you know why
dog’s better than men?
They don’t talk,
not a word.
Tell him I’ll contact him
when the will is done.
You’ll... finally complete it?
What’s with you?
Move aside!
So weird...
I understand, madam.
- That dog belongs to very rich family, right?
- Yeah, and my mom works there.
- Really?
- Wanna have ice cream there?
Can we really?
Mom doesn’t get paid much,
so we eat there often.
You’ll get $500,000
to work with.
You can proceed with that.
I told you already.
Measly $500...
Why do you make me
repeat myself?
Fine.
Why aren’t we going?
Where’s your mom?
What the heck are you doing?!
- I’m sorry, just this once.
- Are you nuts? Why bathe him here?!
Then could you?
Help me out for one more day.
I won’t bring him from tomorrow on.
We barely get 10 people a day,
it’s not like your hands are full.
There’re more employees than customers.
Don’t be so stern.
Am I the boss here?
If it wasn’t for my aunt, I wouldn’t be.
I hear she’s using this place
to meet people, not for business.
Don’t be so stern for
eating leftovers and using water.
Not a shred of humanity,
despite doing charity on the side.
If you can’t say that to my aunt,
then don’t say it to my face!
I don't know if I’m working,
or being a housewife.
You see how impossible
she is?
No wonder her husband left her,
and her only son left home and died.
If I wasn’t the only one
to inherit Marcel, I’d have left.
So righteous.
You got it all wrong.
- Go apologize!
- I’m so sorry, madam!
- She’s a friend...
- Kick her out.
- I’m really sorry, I truly am...
- Aunt!
Honestly, I don’t think
I’m cut out for service work.
This is good!
I missed out on so many things
while raising you two.
I’ll now look for
my true calling.
Oh yeah!
I got plenty of severance,
should we go to a hotel?
Should we?
A man named Aesop showed up
in my dreams recently.
He wanted to tell me
‘the Hares and the Frogs’.
I said I didn’t want to hear
the stupid tale.
It’s only fair when a hare is
compared to another hare.
In the end,
Aesop apologized to me.
He said I was the most pitiful one,
not the hares nor the frogs.
He wouldn’t have written
the story if he met me.
Other kids will never know,
how happy it is
to have a home.
You wanna be called
a ‘stupid dad’?
Would you understand
if I explained?
Do you even know
what her belt is?
Yellow, it’s yellow!
What I’m saying is,
we can’t afford it right now.
She attends private classes
but always dead last.
Listen to yourself!
And she’s a red belt!
Hey.
I’ve decided on the dog.
Marcel?
Okay.
He always has a leash,
and is freed only at the vet
once a day.
No chance between
the restaurant and the clinic.
He always goes there
at this hour?
Yup.
Then let’s do it there.
There’ll be too many eyes,
will it be okay?
Yeah.
It’ll take about 2 hours for check-up,
exercise, massage, and grooming.
Mr. Su-young is always too busy
chatting with nurses,
so he’s not a problem.
The problem is how to lure him
to end of the hallway.
How do we lure him
from here to here?
Can’t we just carry him out?
Just carry him out?
There, and there,
people can see you clearly.
- Don’t you lure it with food?
- So strange...
A “suk” kid should be
really stupid.
He still can’t write
alphabet yet.
So did you find a place
to keep him?
How cool am I?
- Awesome...
- Perfect, right?
Too perfect.
There’s more.
Watch.
So amazing!
We just have to
steal him now.
Wait for it, coming soon!
Tada!
But she loves Marcel
too much.
We’re not talking about selling it.
Not sell, but invest in it.
You know I want to.
But it’s not mine,
what can I do?
Madam’s finishing her will.
You can proceed if Marcel is
listed as your inheritance.
- Seriously?
- Of course!
All you need are notarized will
property deed and your consent form.
How do I convince her then?
Use your head for once.
When we break ground,
send her off to a senior home.
No, I can’t.
There’s auction next month
and when she finishes the will,
let’s speak again then.
What a coward!
This area is being redeveloped,
this is the only chance.
She’s so hung up
on the paintings
that she’ll go broke soon.
Do you know
what time is it?!
I had work to do,
just like you.
But you can’t stay out
so late!
I had things to
take care of.
Fine, fine,
no more nagging today.
Because today is
a happy day!
I found us a home!
Really?
We’re here!
It’s my friend’s,
and it’s empty.
She said we can use it
for a month or so.
Come in.
Come!
I always dreamt of
living in a proper house.
So many rooms!
You can each use one.
It’s scary as is,
but sleep alone?
It’s got water!
I didn’t expect this!
Mom, turn it off,
it sounds scary.
Where are you going?
- I’m gonna sleep in the van.
- Me too.
Come here right this second!
Why won’t you listen to me!
It’s a really great house!
Hey!
I won’t let you in,
even if you wanted to come in.
It’s so nice here!
This is so soft!
Nice and cozy!
I heard you got a house.
It’s not a house.
What do we do?
- Let’s do it today.
- Today?
Yeah, today.
Can we do it before
private class ends?
My mom’s taking interest
in me lately for some reason.
When does the class end?
5 o’clock.
30 minutes is enough.
Faster!
Yes, you can come
and make a reservation.
Wolly’s done!
Off you go!
Okay, let’s go.
He’s here!
Ji-so, pull it!
Now, close it.
- Grab him now!
- I got him!
Just let go!
- You okay?
- Yeah.
- Where is he going?!
- Grab him! Grab him!
- He’s heading outside!
- No!
Hey, Wolly.
Why’re you down here?
That stupid mutt!
Ji-so!
What’s wrong?
Something happened?
It was a hard day.
You can wash up at the house.
We get water there.
Stop it, mom.
What’s all this?
I did some shopping!
To decorate our home!
Look at this!
Tada!
Home sweet home!
That brat, so difficult...
NO TRESPASSING
YOU WILL BE MURDERED
Give me a break!
It’s vacant anyways!
My new job starts early,
so take care of Ji-suk.
What kind of job?
You don’t need to know.
Stay with him in the van
after school. Got it?
I’m really tired,
good night.
THE PERFECT PLAN #2
We’ll observe it
under the microscope.
Let’s forget the clinic,
it’s too dangerous.
... put it on top of it nicely.
Marcel’s more dangerous.
That mutt is strong,
we may need help.
Bringing someone else in is
too dangerous.
Marcel’s our last chance.
We need an inside man.
Maybe Ji-suk remembers.
He was inside.
Granny’s not there during lunch,
Wolly’s alone.
But 2 people here.
- Why didn’t you tell us earlier?
- You never asked me. Not even once.
Let’s use the same plan as before.
We still got dog food left, so it’ll work.
Once we get him outside...
we need to bring him here.
But how’ll you bring
the dog from there?
We need a delivery man.
Delivery...
Delivery man.
No questions, no whining,
just deliver?
- Why should I?
- Why do you use ‘R’ for family size?
- What?
- We calculated how much
you pocketedwith that scheme.
I don’t know
what you’re talking about.
- I’ll spank you!
- We’ll keep this a secret.
You are doing something very bad.
Think of it was a punishment
for your crime.
- It’s terrible to threaten an adult.
- Whatever.
Okay, go.
Here!
4:32!
- Happy?
- Perfect!
If you shave 2 seconds.
Will?
Yes, madam’s.
It should be on her desk,
go check.
Full inheritance to Wolly?
Wait...
Can she leave inheritance
to a dog?
Laws don’t allow leaving
inheritance to an animal.
It will need a caretaker.
CARETAKER: JUNG SU-YOUNG
I’m designated as the caretaker.
- Is that okay then?
- That’s the problem.
Who’ll entrust redevelopment
to a dog caretaker?
You’re just a caretaker,
you don’t have any rights.
- So what do I do?
- Let’s do it this way.
Bring me her seal,
I’ll take care of the rest.
- Her seal?
- Yeah, let’s get things moving
under her name.
You should get rid of
the dog.
- How can I just get rid of it?
- You’re no better than a dog,
will you die as a mutt walker?
Forget it!
I’ll take care of everything!
What the heck!
It’s gone...
Where did it go?
He must have taken it.
Mister!
You can’t take that...
Mister, don’t take that!
What?
I know him,
he only has 3 fingers.
So what do we do?
Where can we hide Wolly?
DOG HIDING PLACE
Come on!
Sis.
- What?
- There is one place
to hide Wolly.
Where?
You know, there.
Right...
there.
DOG HIDING PLACE
Here.
Are you training me
like a mutt?!
We had to change our plan.
I’ll get in trouble if it takes
more than 30 minutes!
If it takes more than 30,
my mom will kill me!
Let’s begin.
- Hello, did you make a reservation?
- Yes.
Sweetie!
Aren’t you ordering?
Your parents already did.
Give me the best,
bloodiest steak.
And a bottle of the most
expensive wine here.
It’s their wedding anniversary.
One, two, three!
Where are you off to?
It’s over.
Maybe he’s going to
the clinic early.
Give it here.
- Hey!
- What?
Wait, that’s weird.
Why put him in the trunk?
Seal?
- You’re right.
- Oh right, in her office.
- Come on, go get it!
- Wait here.
This button?
Okay, I hear you.
I’ll keep in touch,
just sit back and wait.
See you.
Bye, Wolly!
Here!
- Okay.
- As of now, we don’t know each other.
Keep your word.
Okay.
Don’t even come say hello.
I thought he’d be
a fancy dog.
Maybe even rich people
want ordinary things.
Wow!
YOON Su-oh?
Su-young?
Have you seen Wolly?
Pardon?
Are you deaf?
Who unleashed Wolly?
- Well... who could it be?
- I...
I saw Wolly going towards
the door earlier.
Are you blind too?
If you’re a bad manager,
be useful in something else!
Don’t just stand there,
spread out and find him!
Are you all right?
Where’s Wolly?
Well... not yet...
Go downstairs.
- You should go to the hospital.
- I’m fine, go away.
Should I...
make a report to the police?
Forget it.
Man or animal,
I won’t look for those who left.
I see.
As you wish.
Yes, Mr. PARK.
It’ll all work out,
just like you said.
What?
Wolly’s gone?
What are you talking about?!
What if he suddenly pops up?
Don’t just say it’ll be okay!
What?
Hello?
We have to go,
mom’ll look for us.
- Leave Wolly here alone?
- There’s no place better.
No one will find Wolly.
He’s safe from rain,
and he won’t stay long.
Mom’s waiting!
Wolly, hold on, okay?
Promise.
Flyers will be up tomorrow,
so don’t worry.
Then he’ll head home.
As I left him behind,
I saw a familiar look.
It was my window reflection
when I first slept in the van.
But that’s not important.
The plan was perfect
and I’ll demand a $500 reward,
and I’ll buy a house.
I’ll happily invite my friends
to my birthday,
and have a big party there.
That’s... my dog!
It’s mine!
Fine, I hear you.
Why did you
throw him away?
I didn’t,
I’m just keeping it here.
What’s his name?
- Wolly.
- Wolly?
So why do you
keep him here?
It’s just...
the landlord doesn’t allow pets.
Only till we move.
Weird, that’s really weird.
What is?
When you become a landlord,
do you hate dogs,
or when you hate dogs,
you become a landlord?
Mister, did you sleep here?!
You can’t sleep here!
Didn’t you see that?
I saw,
that’s why I slept outside.
Will you sleep here again?
Who knows,
I sleep wherever I feel like.
Why?
Don’t you have a house?
Wherever I set my foot
is my house.
Whoa,
what happened?
That 3-finger man?
What do we do now?
Find Wolly’s rewards flyer.
Maybe they got
a new dog.
That’s impossible.
Should we steal another?
Should we go to Marcel?
No, I got private class.
MARCEL IS TEMPORARILY CLOSED
What? You saw Wolly?
How do you know him?
Answer me,
you never saw him before.
I did! When mom was fired!
From that window.
So, where is he now?
Who knows?
If you want,
I could find him for you.
Thanks for your concern,
but she doesn’t want him now.
What?
- She doesn’t want Wolly?
- That’s right.
Why?
Who knows?
Go away.
Now!
Go back to your mom!
And don’t come back.
You shouldn’t be here.
Go away!
What happened to Wolly?
Where did you see him?
Front of my school.
Was it really Wolly?
Yes, I’m sure.
His ears...
were like this,
and his mouth...
was like this?
Or this?
Anyway, you lost him, right?
I didn’t lose him,
he left home.
No, he could be lost!
He left with his own 4 feet!
- In time, they all leave...
- You’re wrong!
How would you know that?
- It’s...
- How do you know?
My dad’s lost too.
- Did he leave home?
- No, he didn’t leave home...
Well, he did...
but I think he’s lost
and can’t find home.
But one day,
he’ll find his way back.
Same with Wolly.
You really think so?
Yes.
Then what should I do?
You must reach out!
By posting flyers.
Flyers?
Yes, that’s right.
With Wolly’s information.
And reward...
Reward?
How much would do?
$500!
- Hear that? Do what she says.
- What?
Go on, do what she says.
500 is too much
for a reward!
Of course not,
for someone who loves her dog,
they’d probably pay
10, 20 times more.
That’s what gets me.
Leaving inheritance to a dog...
Here, your phone number.
MARCEL PHONE NUMBER
PHONE NUMBER
Here, make some copies.
Happy?
Since I came all the way,
could I get some ice cream?
- What?
- And one for my brother too?
You’re a clone of
your mom.
Bring her two ice creams.
What are you doing?
I’m making a house for Wolly.
Who asked you to do that?
You don’t want me
making it for him?
Hold this.
How much do
I have to pay you?
What?
How much will
this cost me?
If I say I want a lot,
would you give me that?
You don’t have to, then.
So you’re building it
for free?
Yeah, I’m like that.
I fix laundry machines,
- fix bikes too.
- For free?
Why?
Because more than
I need money,
some people need
their problems solved right away.
No way.
You couldn’t fix our van,
if it breaks.
Only my dad can fix
the pizza van.
When I was in the alley
off the main street,
there was a flyer
for a lost dog.
What?
It looked similar to your dog.
Probably similar kind.
Right?
The funny thing is,
his name is also Wolly.
“LOOKING FOR WOLLY”
We gotta take them back.
Why?
3-finger man saw it.
We could get caught!
It’s all over town,
how do we get them all?
Yes, right away.
Whoa!
Dammit!
I knew this’d happen!
LOOKING FOR WOLLY
REWARD: $500
Do you know this man?
He manages our assets,
something wrong?
We’re after him
on a fraud charge.
Fraud?
We noticed that you sold this land
and property for redevelopment.
Sold this property?
Marcel?
You didn’t know?
He took off immediately
with the money.
It was on the news.
A huge sum.
Like the job?
Sure.
I’ve never made lunch
for my kids.
Feels weird to do it
for others.
Yes, over here,
this way please.
I don’t believe it.
What is it?
Why are there
red stickers all over?
It’s nothing.
You lie.
- What?
- You lied to me.
What do you mean?
You’ll be kicked out of here.
I know, those stickers mean
you’ll be kicked out.
They toss blankets
and stuff to the hallway,
they shove you around,
things break...
I lost my comb that way.
Mom said that
it was no big deal too.
You can’t get kicked out.
You shouldn’t live
in a car.
You don’t know how sad it is
to be homeless and live in a car.
What’s your name?
- I’m Ji-so.
- Ji-so...
It’s a pretty name.
Do you know
how much this is worth?
- How much?
- $250,000.
The painter died in an accident
when he was only 30.
So there aren’t
many of his paintings.
I’ve been collecting them.
But I guess it’s time
to stop.
YOON SU-OH
YOON Su-oh?
- Is he...
- He’s my son.
He loved to paint,
he wanted to be a painter.
I said I’ll never allow it.
So one day he left home.
Do you know what he said
before leaving?
He said he hated me
more than anything.
And he never once called me
until his death.
When I went to collect his body,
a dog was guarding him.
Was that...
Wolly?
Please! Please!
Dang it!
I think we have to
sleep here tonight.
Sleep here?
What if someone sees us?
I know this is hard,
but be patient, okay?
Always ‘patient’.
Another week?!
Watch your mouth,
who am I doing this for?
Is this for me?
It’s for yourself!
What did you just say?
You told dad that
you were sick of him!
Isn’t that why
he left home?
Always like this,
you’re never considerate!
Stubborn, always complaining,
and cranky!
- When will you grow up?!
- Look who’s talking!
- How could you
raise us here?!
- Hey! You brat!
Dang it...
If you left instead,
it wouldn’t be this bad.
It’s really late...
Why are you here?
Shouldn’t you be asleep?
She and mom fought.
Hey!
It’s nothing.
Your mom haven’t
found a house yet?
Not yet.
But she’s trying.
Why do you live
like this?
What’s wrong with
how I live?
No house, and no money.
Wanna see something cool?
Ever heard of Myanmar?
I have.
There is a tribe called Moken.
They’re born on a boat,
and live on it until they die.
They don’t have apartments, fridges, or cars,
they just go where the ocean takes them.
I live my life like that.
If you had a kid my age,
you couldn’t, right?
My daughter really loved that.
So why have you lived like this?
Don’t you miss her?
I miss her so much.
Like you can’t even imagine.
Then you can just go
see her.
It’s shame,
I’m really ashamed.
Ashamed of what?
I was never good to her.
When I really want to see her,
I watch her from afar.
Would my dad do that too?
Sure, all dads are the same.
I bet Wolly wants to go home,
like we do.
I know.
I feel bad for Wolly,
like us.
I know!
What’s wrong with you?
Don’t rub it in!
Wolly became like that
because of us.
Wouldn’t mom worry about us?
We’re heading back,
what’s wrong with you today?
If we sell all the artworks
I own,
we can at least save Marcel.
WILL: MARCEL GOES TO
MY NEPHEW JUNG SU-YOUNG.
Take over Marcel from tomorrow.
What about you, madam?
As you wish, madam!
Hello?
Will you really pay
$500 for Wolly?
Yes, why?
I know where he is.
Sis, mom’s gone.
- She’s probably around.
- Mom!
- Mom! Mom!
- Be quiet!
- Mom!
- You'll wake everyone up!
- What if she left us like dad?
- Hey!
- Mom left us because of you!
- Shut up!
Mom! Where are you?
Mom! Mom!
I'LL MAKE EVERYTHING RIGHT.
I'M SORRY I WASN'T
A GOOD FATHER AND HUSBAND.
PLEASE WAIT
JUST ONE WEEK.
Be quiet! Stop that!
Mom...
Who said you could go out
at this hour!
How could you!
Come here!
You little brat!
Why are you so bad?
You uncontrollable!
What will I do,
if you leave like that!
I can’t go on
without you.
Without you,
I’ll die...
Sorry, mom.
It’s my fault.
I’m sorry.
I’m sorry for raising you
in the van.
Are we really living on here
because of my school?
It’s dad, right?
So that he can find us,
isn’t that it?
I miss dad.
I hope he returns soon,
and turn things back to normal.
I do too, sweetie.
I miss dad too.
Ji-suk, come here.
I’m sorry.
I stole a dog.
I don’t know if that was
the perfect plan or not.
But turns out, there was
more than achieving a goal.
Living in a $500 deposit house,
or having my party there
as a goal,
could be dreadful.
GET REWARD MONEY
- What?
- Even if I continue living in a van,
will you stay friends with me?
- Yup! Of course!
- It’s fun playing with you.
Skipping classes too!
But my mom caught me...
I don’t want a party.
Really?
Yeah, we’ll take him
to Marcel’s front door.
As if he came back
for granny.
That’s perfect!
Let’s do it!
- Oh my goddess!
- What happened?
- Can’t you see?
- 3-finger man took off with Wolly.
Wolly...
Maybe he took him back
for the reward?
Or what if...
he ate him?
No!
- You thief!-
Where’s Wolly?
- I was out looking for him.
- Did you eat him already?
No!
I didn’t eat him,
I didn’t do it!
How many wheels do
I have?
Four.
But there’s only
1 track here.
Who could it be?
Thank you so much.
Wolly, come here!
Wait!
- And my $500?
- You’ll get it, so sit tight.
So we did him a favor.
But what matters is that
Wolly’s going home.
But his home is the other way.
There! I see him!
Hurry, go after!
Step on it!
Is this top speed?
Walking would be faster!
Children! Hold on tight!
Out of the way!
I’m sorry!
There’s still 16km left.
That’s right.
What’s that?
Motorcycle, pull over.
Pull over right now!
Children!
Cops want us to stop!
Pull over!
Stop!
Why you!
Dammit!
Wolly, sit!
Hey!
You bastard!
Wolly?
That mutt.
When did you learn
to run so fast?
Where is he?
There, that car!
Over there!
How could you let kids
ride in the back!
Your ID please.
Give me your ID!
Your ID.
Where you going?
Hey, come here!
It’ll be over soon.
That’s good.
It’s okay, it’s okay.
- How dare you!
- What are you doing?
I have to take him
back to granny!
He’ll never return to Marcel!
- Give him to me!
- Let him go!
Wolly!
Wolly, come here boy!
- Come here!
- Give him back!
- I got him!
- Here you are!
I’ve looked everywhere
for you.
He kidnapped our puppy.
That’s a lie!
What's with you?
Drunk in broad daylight?
You drunk drove?
- Of course not.
- They took my dog!
- Why’d they steal a dog?
It’s my dog!
Let’s go to the station.
Stay put!
It’s my dog!
No, it’s not!
- You’re under arrest.
- Up yours!
Thank you, mister.
Wow!
Mom bought a house?
It’s nice.
- Well...
- I’m off.
Wait.
Let me see here.
I...
found this on the ground.
- This is...
- Bye!
- Wait!
- What?
Your daughter really misses you!
Like you can’t imagine.
What do we do now?
I’ll go in and drop him off.
- I wanna go too, sis.
- No, it has to be done quietly.
Good bye, Wolly.
So long, Wolly.
Bye bye!
Wolly, I’m sorry.
I only thought of myself.
You need a home, like I do.
I’m sorry.
Someone’s waiting for you.
I hope the person
I’m waiting for returns soon.
Bye.
You little.
So blinded by money!
Your mom asked you to
do it?
Of course not.
What will you do with $500?
Buy a house.
- Where in the world is a $500 house?
- There is!
- In Per Square.
- What?
Here.
This is per square meter.
Give him to me.
Give it!
Why you little!
- No!
- Don’t move!
- Don’t!
- Hold still!
No!
-I fed you and cared for you!
- Wait!
What are you doing?
Wolly!
I asked you a question.
- I actually saw 1st draft of the will.
- What 1st draft?
You left the entire
inheritance to Wolly.
I’m your only bloodline!
I’m no better
than a mutt?
You’re unbelievable!
Are you here
because of my wealth?
Out.
Fine, I’ll leave!
- I don’t need to be treated this way!
- Off you go.
That idiot...
Thank you for
finding him.
You were right about
him not leaving.
I’ll leave you now.
Good bye.
Were you lost?
Went to see the world?
He absolutely loves it
without the leash.
How do you know that?
Actually...
Actually, I stole him.
What?
I stole Wolly.
It was the most difficult task
of my life so far.
I told granny everything.
How dad left us one day,
how we were kicked out
of our home,
the $500 house in Per Square
and even having
a birthday party there.
I told her everything.
When you experience hardships,
you're forced to do bad things.
Even so,
what you did is terrible.
Ji-so, nothing will change that.
I’m sorry...
I’ll be on my way.
Kiddo!
Could you walk him tomorrow?
I’ll give you ice cream
in exchange.
Sis, use this to buy our home.
$500
BUT I SHOULD
NEVER STEAL A DOG.
What is that?
Open it.
This is for Ji-so.
And this is for Ji-suk.
Wow!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
I’d never forget your birthday.
I love you, honey.
So pretty.
Oh yeah! I’m gonna make
my own pizza tomorrow.
Should we have
a pizza party?
Mom, it’d be fun to have
pizza lunch box, right?
What a great idea!
It stopped raining.
Sweetie, gather the toiletries
with Ji-suk.
Why?
The van’s busted,
so we have to go to sauna today.
What to do with this busted van?
Send it to junkyard?
Junkyard?
It won’t start,
and only dad can fix it.
- Mom, try to start it.
- What?
Give it a try!
Don’t kid around.
I’m not, just try it!
Ji-so...
- Should we still go to the sauna?
- Sure!
Following Ji-suk’s idea,
mom made pizza lunch boxes,
and it...
became a big hit!
- Here you go.
- Good luck to you!
Have a great meal!
You forgot a fork.
The man who took
granny’s money was caught.
So she didn’t have to sell
her house and paintings.
And she bought
her son’s final painting.
TITLE: THE WOMAN I LOVE THE MOST
Nothing about Marcel changed.
Oh yeah, there is one!
I want my $500!
When I asked her about
making a flyer for dad,
- “Whatever.”
- she said.
All adults are the same.
“LOOKING FOR DAD”
Pride or whatever they call it.
DON’T BE SORRY,
WE’RE DOING GREAT.
I still dream sometimes.
In it, I live on the ocean
like the Moken tribe.
And sometimes
Aesop comes for a chat.
He’d ask me if I’m okay.
I told him I was fine.
Then he said...
Whatever!
Directed by KIM Sung-Ho
LEE Re LEE Ji-Won HONG Eun-Taek
KIM Hye-JA CHOI Min-Soo
KANG Hae-Jung LEE Chun-Hee
Gary (Wolly)
It’s this one!
Tada!
Wow!
I came earlier
and decorated by myself.
You like it?
There’s even a room for you two.
Here!
It’s huge!
Go on in.
I got a call from
Hanshin Real Estate.
A granny’s renting out her son’s place
with only $500 house deposit!
I didn’t know you could
get a house that cheap.
Isn’t that weird?
Exactly $500!
Square window,
spinning tire,
there’re many good things
about living in a van
With a single press,
the window rolls down,
ever so effortlessly
But I prefer to
use my hand instead
Breathing in the wind
through the window,
and realized
what’s important
The living room I ran around in,
the cute bedI slept so comfortably in
Watching TV with my family,
and even falling asleep on my desk...